draft outline for all episodes (#2)
carpentries/lessondev-trainer-training: episodes/collaboration.md

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: questions 

- Why is effective collaboration important for lesson development?
- When, if ever, is it best to establish structured project governance?

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: objectives

By the end of this session, participants should be able to...

- recommend tools and practices lesson developers can adopt to aid collaboration.
- draw on their own experience to advise lesson developers on how to collaborate effectively.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: checklist

## Reading List

- FIXME

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: discussion

## Discussion Questions

> - What decision-making framework(s) have you used in your previous collaborations?

Reviewer: Might broaden this a bit as folks may not have experience with any specific decision-making frameworks. 
```suggestion
- How have you made decisions with collaborators in the past?
- Did you use any formal decision-making framework(s)?
- What might be the advantages and drawbacks of using a formal decision-making framework?
```
Also added a pro/con discussion question - sorry for combining suggestions

Reviewer: Maybe a discussion of working alone vs collaboration pros and cons would be a good addition based on the objectives for this lesson.
